Create: issue templates (#339)
XTLS/Xray-core: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-en.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for Xray
title: '[Feature] your idea'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Thanks for your supporting!
1. Please confirm that you are submitting a feature request。

> 2. We do not recommend any inexperienced users to request new feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We do not recommend any inexperienced users to request new features. 
```

> 2. We do not recommend any inexperienced users to request new feature. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. We do not recommend any inexperienced users to request a new feature. 
```

> 3. Please check the existing issues, discussions and documentation in detail. Duplicated issue may be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Please check existing issues and discussions first and read the documentation in detail. Duplicated issues will be closed
```
